{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Installing FTDIUSBSerialDriver
\fs24 \
\

\f1\b0 Expand the archive, then run the installer by double clicking on the FTDIUSBSerialDriver.pkg icon.  When the installation is complete, reboot the computer.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\ql\qnatural
\cf0 When the computer has rebooted, plug-in the device.  If the device is installed properly, you will see entries in the /dev directory :-\
\
/dev/cu.usbserial-xxxxxxxx\
/dev/tty.usbserial-xxxxxxxx\
\
where xxxxxxxx is either the device's serial number or, for unserialized devices, a location string that depends on which USB port your device is connected to.\
\
If you run the application SystemPreferences and select Network, you should see the text "New Port Detected" and "usbserial-xxxxxxx-port", and you can setup the parameters for an Internet connection.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Troubleshooting\

\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 1. The device does not appear in the /dev directory or the text "New Port Detected" is not displayed in SystemPreferences-Network.\
\
FTDIUSBSerialDriver does not support your deviceID (VID and PID).  Disable the EEPROM so that the device reverts to its default deviceID, then replug.\
\
To get support for your deviceID built into FTDIUSBSerialDriver, contact FTDI quoting your deviceID and a description of your device.\
\
2. The device cannot be accessed after the computer has rebooted.\
\
FTDIReEnumerate is not setup correctly for your deviceID.  The background to this problem is that FTDIUSBSerialDriver has a dependency on com.apple.iokit.IOSerialFamily.  This is an Apple driver and it is not a Root driver.  This means that at "root" (boot) time, the driver's dependencies cannot be satisfied, and the driver does not participate in the extension loading process.\
\
Apple's position on this problem is as follows :-\
\
"Apple will not (for the foreseeable future) be able to provide a root\
version of com.apple.iokit.IOSerialFamily.  It depends on other components\
that are not available at boot time."\
\
However, there is a workaround.  A script that forces the device to re-enumerate is installed in the startup items folder so that it runs every time the system is booted.  The script is called FTDIReEnumerate, and it supports FTDI's deviceID by default, but it can be changed to support any other deviceID.\
\
Log in as root, then go to the directory at /Library/StartupItems/FTDIReEnumerate and edit FTDIReEnumerate.  Move to the line containing the text :-\
\
/Library/StartupItems/FTDIReEnumerate/ReEnumerate -v0403 -p6001\
\
-v introduces 4 hexadecimal digits that represent the vendorID (VID) and\
-p introduces 4 hexadecimal digits that represent the productID (PID).\
\
Replace 0403 with your device's VID, and replace 6001 with your device's PID.  For example,  \
\
/Library/StartupItems/FTDIReEnumerate/ReEnumerate -v1234 -pFEDC\
\
Save FTDIReEnumerate.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Contact FTDI\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
	http://www.ftdichip.com \
	support@ftdichip.com\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}